Hi I'm Chef Jordan and I'm going to show you
how to make some easy and nutritious dinners.
In this clip I'm going to show you how to
make a simple breaded and saut?ed chicken
breast with a pan sauce. The tools you need
for this dish are a cutting board and knife,
saut? pan, and a pair of tongs. The ingredients
for this dish are skinless chicken breasts,
Italian bread crumbs, tomatoes, onions, green
beans, chopped parsley and a little touch
of butter. So the first thing I am going to
do is take my saut? pan and get it preheating
on a medium high heat. It is really important
to have the pan very hot. First I am going
to get my chicken breaded while the pan is
preheating. Take the chicken breast and put
one side down on the bread crumbs, flatten
it down, turn it over and really press it
down against the bread crumbs on the other
side and then I'm going to transfer it to
a clean dish. Do the same thing with the other
chicken breast. Place it in the bread crumbs,
pat it down and then on the other side really
making sure to get a nice even coating of
bread crumbs around the whole chicken breast.
Now for the sauce of this dish I am just going
to chop a few vegetables to throw on there
to give it a little flavor and a little body.
First I am going to cut the green beans and
I am going to take the ends and just kind
of snap them off. I am just going to cut these
as thin as I can into small rounds like so.
Great, now that I have my green beans cut
I'm going to set them in the dish and put
them aside. I want to cut the end off this
tomato first because it has this woody core
that is not very good and just cut it into
a small dice. Great, now I can hear that my
pan is getting hot and is starting to sizzle
so I'm going to cook my chicken breasts. I
am just going to drizzle about a tablespoon
of olive oil enough to coat the bottom of
the pan and then add my chicken breast. When
you are adding the breast put it in and drop
it away from you so it doesn't splash back
at you and then the other one. Now in a couple
minutes I am going to turn this chicken over,
see it has got a nice golden crust and then
put it in a 350 degree oven for about ten
minutes to finish cooking. Now I am just going
to chop my onions and I only need about a
quarter of this onion and cut it into real
small pieces and I am going to toss my onions
in with my onions and beans. Alright now the
chicken is done being cooked and I take it
out of the oven and put these beautiful chicken
breasts on to a late and there is all these
beautiful drippings in my pan that I'm going
my sauce from. First I'm just going to take
any kind of cooking wine. For this I'm using
a little Chablis. You can use any kind of
wine you would drink, red or white, pour it
in and I'm just going to scrape off the bits
on the bottom, you get a lot of flavor form
the chicken on the breading and once that
is reduced a little bit I am going to add
all my veggies and cook those for a minute
until they start to get a little softer and
tender add some butter to the pan and let
that melt. The butter has almost melted so
let it go for another minute and now I'm going
to pour it over my chicken and I want to just
rip a couple fresh parsley sprigs on top and
it gives it a great color and fresh flavor
and it is a nice contrast with the rich butter
and that's how easy it is to make my breaded
pan seared chicken breast with pan sauce using
fresh green beans, tomatoes and onions. Enjoy.